2048 Game
      A simple implementation of the popular 2048 puzzle game using Python's tkinter library for the graphical user interface (GUI) and numpy for grid manipulation.

Features
      Classic 2048 gameplay where the player slides tiles in four directions (up, down, left, right) to merge them and reach the 2048 tile.
      Interactive GUI created using tkinter.
      Displays the score, which increases as tiles are merged.
      Automatically adds new tiles (2 or 4) after every valid move.
      Handles game over situations with an overlay displaying the final score.
Prerequisites
      Make sure you have Python installed along with the required libraries. You can install the necessary dependencies using pip:


pip install numpy
      tkinter usually comes pre-installed with Python, but if it is missing, follow the appropriate instructions for your platform to install it.

      Clone the repository or download the script.

      Ensure that all dependencies are installed by running the following:

pip install numpy
      Run the 2048.py Python script:


python 2048.py
      The game window will open, and you can start playing using the arrow keys.

Gameplay Instructions
      Use the arrow keys on your keyboard to slide the tiles in the corresponding direction.
      Tiles of the same value will merge to form a new tile with double the value.
      The objective is to reach the 2048 tile, but you can continue playing to achieve a higher score.
      Game Over
      The game ends when there are no more possible moves. A new window will appear, displaying the final score, and you can exit the game.

Code Overview
      Game2048 class: Manages the game logic, the grid, and the user interface.
      add_new_tile method: Adds a new tile (either 2 or 4) in an empty spot after every move.
      move method: Handles tile movement and calls helper methods to shift the grid in the chosen direction.
      _merge_line method: Merges tiles in a row or column based on the direction of movement.
      update_grid method: Updates the game board's display after each move.
      key_press method: Listens for user inputs (arrow keys) and triggers tile movement.
      game_over method: Displays a game-over message when no more moves are possible.
Technologies Used
      Python
      tkinter for GUI
      numpy for grid and numerical operations
